15 July 2014
SnipIT, To do List:
	1. Functionality:
		a. Add refresh wheel on swipe down, in news feed
		b. In "My Profile" Remove interested in, add followers/following counter. 
			Add cover photo display and ability to upload/change it.
		c. In followers, have the list load with generic profile place holder, then update with actual images
		d. Add "Edit" button to news feed to allow highlighting of snips for deletion.
		e. Add "Find new followers" button to news feed. Links to new page to add followers by
			i. Twitter
			ii. facebook
			iii. email
			iv. text
			v. search users
		f. add flags and reporting. All snips have a flag button which lead to a popup menu, option for spam, or inappropriate. 
			after flag, there is a thank-you popup. 
			Each profile viewing is to contain a report user button, with options of spam, inappropriate, or harassment. Displays same thank you popup
		g.	Encrypt passwords with MD5
		h. Add support for google push notifications, with the toggle in the settings menu.
		i. Add functionality for "legal" menu in settings.
		j. Add Button to toggle profile as "private" in settings menu.
		k. Add Alphabetic sorting bars in Following page.
		l. Fix overlapping display in Following page
		m. Add functionality to "remember me" in log in, and session time out. 
		n. Cache News feed, Following list , Chat messages, when navigating away from page
		o. Android camera support varies between devices. Steps must be taken to support this in CameraActivity.
		p. On Chat tab, load with generic icon first, then add bitmaps for speed.
		q. Add \n return characters in messages list preview
	2. Styling:
		a. Make snips in news feed 2 column
		b. In news feed, make caption background bar 80% opaque
		c. Update checkmark image on news feed
		d. Complete restyle of "view my profile"
		e. Complete restyle of settings page
		f. Complete restyle of followers tab, reformat radiobuttons, add icon for "+" 
		g. Update camera Icon
		h. Update buttons in viewing profile. Bold text
		i. Circleize all profile icons, with white border
		j. Update all icons within the camera